c:\users\frozer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DBCourseProject\DBCourseProject\bin\Debug\DBCourseProject.exe.config
c:\users\frozer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DBCourseProject\DBCourseProject\bin\Debug\DBCourseProject.exe
c:\users\frozer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DBCourseProject\DBCourseProject\bin\Debug\DBCourseProject.pdb
c:\users\frozer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DBCourseProject\DBCourseProject\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\frozer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DBCourseProject\DBCourseProject\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\frozer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DBCourseProject\DBCourseProject\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\frozer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DBCourseProject\DBCourseProject\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\frozer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DBCourseProject\DBCourseProject\obj\Debug\DBCourseProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\frozer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DBCourseProject\DBCourseProject\obj\Debug\DBCourseProject.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\frozer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DBCourseProject\DBCourseProject\obj\Debug\DBCourseProject.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\frozer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DBCourseProject\DBCourseProject\obj\Debug\DBCourseProject.exe
c:\users\frozer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DBCourseProject\DBCourseProject\obj\Debug\DBCourseProject.pdb
c:\users\frozer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DBCourseProject\DBCourseProject\obj\Debug\DBCourseProject.Form1.resources
c:\users\frozer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DBCourseProject\DBCourseProject\obj\Debug\DBCourseProject.AddCar.resources
c:\users\frozer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DBCourseProject\DBCourseProject\obj\Debug\DBCourseProject.AddConsultant.resources
c:\users\frozer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DBCourseProject\DBCourseProject\obj\Debug\DBCourseProject.AddContract.resources
c:\users\frozer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DBCourseProject\DBCourseProject\obj\Debug\DBCourseProject.AddCustomer.resources
C:\Users\Frozer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DBCourseProject\DBCourseProject\bin\Debug\Excel.dll
C:\Users\Frozer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DBCourseProject\DBCourseProject\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
C:\Users\Frozer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DBCourseProject\DBCourseProject\bin\Debug\Excel.pdb
C:\Users\Frozer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DBCourseProject\DBCourseProject\obj\Debug\DBCourseProject.SQL_QueryForm.resources
C:\Users\Frozer\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\DBCourseProject\DBCourseProject\obj\Debug\DBCourseProject.ReportForm.resources
